the ph series to a new concept of cane
a rod completely revised in the
geometry and its elements
we wanted along with the technicians rule
if their engineers and technicians
materials match the maximum of
technology on this series
the non-visible part of the technology
used that is what it was
used inside the pieces is
reported in the new logos then the mat
for this new material that weighs
only four grams square meter e
the Greek now therefore this new matrix
of epoxy resin that allowed us
at maximum performance on all
pieces on these rods
we wanted to use two different ones
types of kits on the 521 which is the top
range for the ph series and the 291 that it is
the top of the carp rods we have
used btp kits
telescopic or with the so-called
this way we got the top
very quick kits at the same time
therefore very performing of the kits
extremely light and which allow us
to give the barrels a real action
beautiful on ph 231 and ph 451
we have assembled the new special kits
that is the classic kit but it lays
series consisting of four rods
starting from the lowest the 231 that is
a rod very beautiful carp from
maximum of six surely 11 50
maracanà very beautiful also for
use with the sail floats by
291 is the top of the carp rods la
cane with the heel as I said is a lot
very stiff and also very light from
451 and ours or round and fabio is standing
testing today is really a rod
exceptional that can be defined as true
And then Canada tender then a cane
perfect for all conditions but that
certainly does not disdain in the car podium
me in the big rivers with the burdens
sail floats as I said fabio
trying the 451 also have another
big fish we just got a
amour let's see maybe this is a
love a big carp it seems to me that yes
is taking away some nice satisfactions
today we are going to hear what is his
opinion on this thread has chosen to
use the 451 being a cane of
medium-high range
but with the possibility of being
also exploited within a field
since it is an extremely light third
rigid therefore suitable for fishing afloat
either at 11 meters 50 using a new one
ph system then having in the hands of
base of 13 meters or even in the case
the fish move a little further
using the barrel for all his
length
the 521 is a real top of the range
a really fantastic rod a lot
light balanced ready and rigid one
exceptional cane in my opinion
probably the product par excellence
of this series but of the whole
production rule if we concentrate
we really are on this cam
happy with how the product came out
from the soup factory
of the ph series today i tried 521 e
he sent me some beautiful ones
emotions
I find the barrel extremely rigid
extremely ready suitable for
race conditions and then I find
formidable the discourse of the base to 13
meters that engages in the piece 11 that is
then the characteristic of the ph series
so a can that allows you to
fishing even a little bit shorter though
having all the features of the cards
of solidity of a base of 13 meters one
very complete range for all the
fisherman here everyone can find
really of your ideal athlete